Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-kit108-assignment
<br>
The aims of assignment 1 in KIT108 is thinking critically and providing a solution of a specific case by using the AI techniques, includingmachine learning, expert system, natural language processing, and computer vision. You can find various types of required knowledgeand information from lecture notes, and tutorial materials.As mentioned in the unit outline, the followings are the learning objectives for the assignment 1:– Adapt and apply techniques for acquiring, representing, and reasoning with data, information, and knowledge– Analyse a problem, apply knowledge of AI principles, and use ICT technical skills to develop potential solutions– Take initiative and work independently– Communicate effectively at a professional level– Use abstraction and computational, creative, and critical thinking to problem solveCASE OUTLINESimpson family recently bought a new robot, C-3PO. The current C-3PO has basic functionalities: simple moving (incl. waving, walking),talking, and detecting the object. C-3PO also embedded various types of chips, including ‘machine learning-data mining’ chip, ‘expertsystem’ chip, ‘computer vision’ chip, and ‘natural language processing’ chip. (Please refer to lecture 2,3,4,5 notes)Marge is sick and tired of cooking breakfast and dinner. She tried to ask C-3PO to cook for dinner today.Marge: “Hi, C-3PO. Could you please cook for dinner today?”C-3PO: “OK. Marge. Please let me know what type of action I need to do for cooking. I will use all of my knowledge and techniques.”Marge: “OK, I would like you to be able to do the following actions”Action 1. Understanding the meaning of the recipes in the written recipe documents, and recognising the ingredients bybuilt-in cameraAction 2. Making decisions what dish would be cooked based on available ingredients, and learning knowledge by humanexperts (e.g. Marge) if the decisions were inappropriate.QUESTIONSQuestion1. Discuss the techniques that C-3PO needs to apply in order to be able to achieve the ‘Action 1’. Explain the process that C-3POneed to conduct in order to do the ‘Action 1’. (500- 800words)Question 2. Discuss the techniques that C-3PO needs to apply in order to be able to achieve the ‘Action 2’. Explain the process that C3PO need to conduct in order to do the ‘Action 2’. (500- 800words